[Music]
High purple you work you high
purple high purple high purple you work you hot
purple hot purple hot purple making pale juices the
pending Doom it was herses all over but the crying all that [__] they was trying at the gates of Babylon Money
Changes flipping tables rearranges hot purple slangers media Shield work you
it's a banger smile away from the tree line the man of rain riding into the
sunset Madia Dragon Venom jeweling the Lotus amethyst serpent the need for anti
venom is urgent a Cena work it seash shell purple dialectric waterf flow
Castle Franco Vampirella bellisima the dope is hot purple media she will work
you the circuit is an anal Lima to F the boss
heliocentric Cult of the crow Athena run the sky for the Mio M try a little bit
of death Bubba cush on the TR head full of zombies original sources ionic Omni
High purple work you high
purple high purple high purple you work
[Music] you welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
initiating apocalypse and I have some goodies tonight I have some goodies
tonight now these are proper goodies for us and these are things you know it's
been a it's been a long time since we haven't had something brought to us that's just nice you know it's just nice
we we spent time with Jesus on a mountain while he was self-pleasuring and feeding it to Mary we went to a
place where there were children and somebody transformed people
started getting christed and we all ran away we all ran away tonight we
deserve something nice I thought you know what satanic
congregation we've been dating for a while now and I know that you deserve
something nice you really do you deserve something nice so this is my attempt to
bring you please accept it with all of my humility I hope you find it to your
liking uh dedicated to you satanic congregation we will have Gnostic inform
forment on in a few minutes and when we do he's going to
punch us with a couple of you know great sources and he's going to work us over
and he's going to show us what he's got coming out from an excellent
interview an excellent interview fan fantastic it's going to blow your mind
you just get a clip of the beginning that's fantastic okay um tonight what I
want to do is I want to take us so and say everybody let's get off the ship let's go to that place that we're going
and tell me where is it that we're going I want to take you to the closing of the
Bronze Age I want to take you to that specific time and place and history from
which this this woman
emerged yeah her name is Clyde of nestra
and the Greeks argued about the atmology of her name some of them said oh it's
from Meadow which is the same route that we find in the medwa or the
media so this is we're stuck in this world where this person is stepping
forward tonight I want you to see her I really need you to see her and then once
you've seen her I'm G to Christ everybody I'm going to Christ to
everybody I'm going to Christ people in the chat right now I'm going to Christ people who are watching this later I'm
going to Christ everyone I'm going to Christ you everywhere all
over I'm want to Christ you you won't be able to walk away from
tonight without being able to say confidently I just got
christed yeah let's see where that takes us now let's see where we go I want you
to focus her name is Clyde am nestra she is who is she you say who is
this person why should I care what who what and what is he talking about now
I'm taking you to her just be quiet for a minute she's going to come in you're G
to see her and you may be scared they call her the dragon
Queen they call her the dragon Queen and she
she is the sister of
Helen she's the sister of couple of gods
caster and
Pollock she's the murderer of the
king yeah what happens in the short he comes back from the
war his name's Agamemnon he comes back from the war and guess guess who he
steps up with Cassandra Cassandra who's she she's the
bakic Priestess who ran Troy uhhuh all of her
oracles come true she's cursed though nobody ever listens to her so she
can spout this stuff all time agabon comes back and out steps Cassandra
and she tells him you big dummy you brought me here I'm going to get killed
and you're going to get killed and why does she say that because it's CDE of nestra we're talking about the dragon
Queen do you know what I'm going to show you what she does here in a minute with a classical
text but do you know what her family is known for her sister Helen now for the
satanic congregation um I want to say this is for
you um people don't go around talking about this kind of
stuff but the Greeks if you dig deep enough somebody right you're gonna find
somebody you like oh my god well um they talk about what Helen actually did Helen
was media and she went to Egypt and she cast Her
Image to Troy and why Achilles come here Achilles
come here Achilles people don't know this people don't know this I'm gonna show you some Greek in a second just wait killes come
here you know why he gets a spanking because he ends up in
lucus he uh excuse me in the fields the alysian fields he ends up there as the
groom of media what happened to him what happened
to him let's watch the magic of the
christing that they're entering now Clyde of nestra remember what does she
do what what if we pull playback the film what does she do It's All Digital
what run it back oh look Agamemnon steps in he's getting a back
totally oblivious she wraps him up in a rug really fine really fine rug and then
she buries an axe in his brain now remember who are we talking about we're
talking about Bronze Age women women like the cians who were
spreading the burning purple who are creating the Medusa those women who have to kill
three men before they can mate they're running
things they're running things you should have seen the Spinx man we have to S we have to give her
virgins sorry son oh stop crying you may have
fun um and so her wrapping him up and cutting his brain you know splitting his
head open that's not necessarily surprising for the late Bronze Age for
the cultures that were spreading these religions their religions are who they
are when I say religion there's no faith there's no Doctrine I'm talking about
the practice the execution of the mystery of the mystery the act of the
mystery itself that one thing that everybody else on YouTube say says we don't know it's a
mystery right the people executing that this is their history now I'm goingon to
bring up I'm G to show you what she does does anybody want to see what the she
Christ does does anybody want to see what Clyde of nestra does I'm gonna have
a couple of women for you tonight and some things that they do and I want you
to notice the overlap that when you find that crisscross that radiation is the
history coming through it's the anthropology coming through the language oh who doesn't want that who doesn't
want mother Greek to caress to caress them who doesn't want
that you know what those Spartans we Athenians look there's two
things I forgot to tell you guys this last time there's two things that we've learned so for when you and I go into
the past and we're looking at these people you need to remember two things number one we don't been the knee to the
Tyrant we don't you don't get down and worship something human don't do that we
don't do that and number two we Athenians know that the word for
buttocks um proos that that word we Pro
proctology from it right we know that that's because of the Spartans who speak
terrible Greek and they um it's a reference to them engaging with the
kitis because that's the thing they developed that stuff down there remember Jesus the mountain right the
kitis that's a part that's why we call it a proos Can You Feel the actual history of
that why did nobody why did I have to find that on my own why didn't somebody
in a classroom somewhere at some time say oh and by the way there's a Spartan history to this word
anus yeah yeah fantastic fantastic it's gorgeous right what did they figure out
just one one second to the Spartans in the group because I know you're out there I know some of you are descendants
of Spartans Tom was let me give a shout out to the
Spartans um for the fact of they were uncompromisingly worshippers of the Gods
yes fantastic your Army of Lovers that was genius you had to have some brains
the Athenians can't be totally right you had to have some brains because your army was
interlocked physically emotionally and spiritually I wonder what would happen if we did that what if we had an army
you know what happens you pull in a whole different d dnamic because people are a lot more willing to fight for
their lovers it turns out isn't that strange it's almost like it's a it's a
weapon it's a secret weapon quick somebody send that to the to the uh
generals up in the top Give me the give me the first uh overlay that we've got
all right people I want to show you [__] nestra I want to show show
you the war is over we know that the ships are coming
back and what has Clyde of nestra done she set up all the altars in the city
they're burning with gifts of incense and I'm translating in here and
there she reaches up to uranos that's the way they had of describing very tall
amazonians
um you know the daughters of men that ended up with the sons of
God yeah right okay are you ready um so she's going around now I'm going to give
you my translation which is going to differ from Modern or at least class
classically important translations and I'll show you one of them is by by Browning right but I just want I'm going
to give you my translation right so um here and there this very tall this very
tall Amazonian what is she doing she's waving
her torches because these are night rights that they the priesthoods are involved
in right oh what time of the day is it I'm sorry I'm sorry does anybody know if
you've been sitting here for any amount of time and you don't say oh right before the
sunrise yes you realize right we caught her
right in the act of the rights and what is she look at that fourth line down
phas so many phas so
many covered with drugs under the influence of drugs what kind of
drugs the are you ready for this are you you
ready the Royal drug that comes from her
innermost recesses the
holy christing
powered by that painkiller that causes us to be softened
yeah isn't that amazing what is she she is covered with the
drugs she is christing she is
christing is this typical is this typical I'm going to
Christ all over you I'm going to show you so much Christ tonight okay let's
just do it let's just chargee now I I'm going to come back to that passage because there's a lot going on there
that's just it's just this you know it makes your soul just come alive um so
we're going to come back to it as we advance now wa watch this one people
what is that faras so I just want you to be in there I want you to be in there and realize it means treat by using
pharmica generally treat right and it talks about homer so it goes all the way back to Homer we got it connected with
methu which is where we get in uh drunken or intoxicated and it means number two to
enchant or bewitch by potions or filters now remember when they say enchant a brt
they've taken you into the back alley right that enchantment that enchantment is a change
to your mental state right you can be pacified you can be horrified there's all sorts of things
they can do the Magi they know how to question people under the influence of drugs they give you the drugs you say
whatever it is they want you to say right because you're blown out of your
mind frightened with the fear drugs especially and remember what these
people like Clyde of Nester are doing they're putting the purple in their hair
they're putting the purple in their hair they're offering their hair we have even
found those offerings we have them this is history we're
talking about people this is reality this is not some idiot trying to sell
you a course on mystery religions this is reality look it's the
tax people it's what the text are saying it's a reason to be happy because look what we've uncovered can you believe can
you believe these women like Clyde of nestra they're scary they're scary and
they're running everything thing they're running everything oh it's a good kind of scary though it's
supposed to be scary right okay give me the next one um what kind of gods people
did we come together if under cly of Nester the dragon Queen what kind of rights are we
here right we're th we're here to protect the Aon we're here to honor the gods who
guard the namos who guard that Nom of the Gods what is that Nom it's a
Nim and what does it mean when you neore it means you bring my righteous
retribution you bring my Nemesis this is the
law of the city these are the gods that Clyde of nestra
serves you mean did that did that guy just say where's the whip the Whip's for
me this time did that guy just say something about a woman creating
civilization you such do you see do you see what's
happening are you surprised that she chopped to put a an axe in his head come
on man she had already killed three women to get three men to get to that point what's the big deal
it's Justice baby he she was perfectly fine until he went South perfectly
fine amazing Swift give me the next one what are the gods do we worship here
under Clyde of Nester we look at the second
word that konian Divinity okay if you understand that you
understand who she is and what is the hon you know what that is that's the highest that's the highest you mean the
septu the septu is somehow being influenced or influencing this it's the
same culture this is the gods who are the
highest right the gods who are the highest monism turns That Into The God
Who is the highest but before there was a God who was the highest there were
konian Gods who were high yeah give me the next
one and finally finally what are we really doing there we're look at these
Spirits people I'm going to show you some Spirits you've never seen before are you ready well this is Clyde of nestra and she's
sacrificing these cakes that are the air is full of this stuff I mean it's really
it's it's too much okay stop the fumigation I get
it what gods are we worshiping that we're doing this for the gods of the city we're doing this for the Aion
you're never G to have heard of these Gods guarantee you they're the gods of the
aura they're the gods of that public Commerce that you and I can have when we
don't try to murder each other and by the way as Athenian do you
know what kind of police force we have we have syian
archers cyan archers bro yeah yeah we do and we respect the
law we have giant juries with hundreds of people in them making obnoxious
noise yes deciding Our Fate it's democracy can you believe that where is
Jesus Jesus is not here yet where is Jehovah there is no Jehovah
at this time I want you to realize that and Neil is going to have a clip of a
scholar and while it plays that scholar and that scholar says what he says I'm gonna be sitting in the background going
haha he he that's what I'm gonna be doing and maybe I don't know something else and
the problem is um this is the kind thing that we need to do to bust out of uh the
Bible and to reclaim it right to reclaim it a lot of people people didn't believe
me I told you we're going to be teaching the Bible right and they even have a way for
us to do it you know how lucky those teachers are oh in Oklahoma if I were a
teacher in Oklahoma right now I'd be like all right I got it like I'm there
for you as a matter of fact I'll teach my class the Bible I'll teach your class the Bible I'll teach everybody here the
Bible and we're going to start in the Bible from the time Jesus Christ was
arrested in a public park at 400 a.m. with a naked
Kid Mark 14 51 and 52 that's who this is
brought to you by the Bible that we are so lucky people the Bible is so full of
dirty dirty stuff it's the most dirty it's the most dirty I look at
people and I think do you actually know what's in there most people don't because they don't read the Greek they
think the original is this terrible lurgical
tiny tiny vocabulary language that's absolutely terrible right the it's
terrible you can't convey it's like you took something beautiful
something something somebody produced from who had been in an art school and had worked under the great masters of
art you know like Michelangelo's student it's like you took that and you took
that work and you gave it to a seven-year-old and you were like look can you describe what you see here
that's what you have in the classical Hebrew because there's no Hebrew around
there's no Hebrew around you're going to be shocked tonight by what this new scholar say he's not new right he's new
to me what this scholar says about that yes you're gonna be shocked okay he's
there in the background too Neil hello I'm not going to take up a whole lot more time but we're gonna go somewhere
substantial here so I want you to see this give me the next one now um here's
the Browning translation yeah and here and there Heaven High the torch uplifts Flame ated
with Persuasions mild with foul ad mixture unbe beguiled of holy uent from
the clotted crism brought from the palace safe in its
abysm by the way Robert brownie made up that word right which is something yeah
he did chew's looking at me like are you kidding no he had to find somebody to rhyme crism right right so he just made
it up um it's nice look what you know what happens this happens to my students
too and we're going to talk about school in a minute but this happens my students too they start coining words right
emancipation bro classicists coin that those kind of words right people who have those
classical Roots their minds get possessed by mother Greek and
I'm I'm not talking modern Greek is modern Greek is the result is The Offspring of the church forcing itself
on mother Greek and what happens you get modern Greek right so it's not the same I know
I know that I know that
1.7 million nobody nobody modern Greek is probably 60,000 70,000 there's no way
oh God don't be surprised don't be surprised if in the future cultures and
people are studied by their language because it turns out their
behavior comes from it isn't that need that's the power right when they sat
around looked at each other Reckoning telling each other Reckoning Reckoning Reckoning and what is the Reckoning
logos you
let's do it let's feed okay people I I've got some good stuff here and I want you to enjoy it I worked hard on this
hit me um here's another one now this other translation is by um the guy who wrote
the grammar uh Herbert SMI genius great guy now here now there the Flames rise
high as Heaven yielding to the soft and guess persuasion of holy ointment the
sacrificial oil itself brought from the inner chambers of the
palace whatever you can reveal whatever you can reveal she had a
dream Clyde and MRA had a dream can I tell you about it she
dreamed she suckled a snake and that the snake bit her
breast and the blood from the bite mixed with Venom
contaminated the milk and made the death
inducer oh God what ladies of the late
Bronze Age what are you people doing what are you doing they are
entering death and when Jesus Christ stands up and says to
you you've been christed in your eyes I'm going to give you a death
inducer but don't worry it won't hurt you when Jesus Christ was doing that and
that's all from the gospels when he was doing
that the cult had a very very deep root
in the civilization what he was doing was just tailoring it to his own
propheter whatever he was gaining out of having the boys in his service the
apostles so I'm going to Christ everyone are you ready we've been talking about christing for a while and I'm doing this
on purpose because people on the outside who were not part of satanic congregation the thing they're most
interested in is Christ thing and I think that's very important for people understand what christing is and I know
you guys have seen a lot of christing I got new christing for you right so don't sit there thinking that I'm going to
feed you the same routine and the lights are going to go off at a specific time then there step to do here and there
until we're asleep that's not what's going to happen I'm going to give you
new and exciting christing new and exciting christing this is lovely okay
let's give the get give me the next one please boom all right what do we have here
people I put together some elements I want you to think of this word Ina and I want you to think of it not as
energy not as energy I want you to think about it is
what it says in the first paragraph at the end of the at the end of it it says the activity and it says of
drugs the gospel is the power of the drug compound it is what it is supposed
to do what is the purpose of the drug the purpose is to bring
so salvation okay and part of that is the
Ina on the medical side the inera it is that activity of the drug so I want you
to be looking for the activity of the Christ I want you to be looking at the
activity of that drug okay here we go here we go give me the next one give me the next
one boom there we go um the next thing I want you to think about is this is
leading to eor right what is that what am I going to do when i e porate I'm gonna commit
fornication oh God no here they go again here they go again
fornication Idol does anybody know what fornication is fornication why don't you
go fornicate I don't know sounds bad right um what do you mean it's idolatry for those of you
who haven't been here for long um the act of sexual intercourse is
a form of religious worship the I'm gonna say that again the
act of intercourse is a
sacred act a religious performance
whereby you should
gain awareness H complete and total awareness
that's why we call them the
orgies right so that's the place that we're looking for that's the place that
we're trying to take the society that's why we have a again the priestesses and
the bachans that's why we have them purify us do you see
how the power of the religion in Antiquity in a
polytheistic system is to bring the
citizenry to the best most beautiful place right it's very democratic
very Democratic you want the best for your Society you want the best for them
you don't want to build a monest box and whoever isn't in the monest Box gets wiped out and that happens throughout
history over and over and over again right and by the way by the way uh the
devil was a little bit angry with me for not for failing to mention something now
it's not going to get me any big trouble but perhaps it would be better for
um for me to acknowledge what he was uh what he was saying he said remind them
remember that the Tyrant must always
dismantle and reestablish security the Tyrant will always
dismantle and reestablish security and that's security
for the Tyrant that's not security for you and me that security for the Tyrant so I was like all right devil you're the
one who did it said it let's let's go for it so okay there you go take that for what it is I don't care I don't care
what you think please at least say something about it in the comments um by
the way your comments are fantastic the ones that are not fantastic are fantastic too there's some kind of
thrill I get some kind of weird thrill out of people who were say say negative
things I don't know what it is I don't know what it is um fantastic let's keep
going does it have anything to do with the anomos where are we going back on
our Trail we're going back to the person who is anomos are you anomos I want to show you what the
Amazonian Queens with the cyan archers I want to show you what those women think
you are anomos give me the next one you are
anomos you are AOS andos do you know what you are you are a
monest you are someone who despises Justice you are someone
without law right now why did I say
monest why did I say monest because monest is the person who denies the gods
you see you thought is a monest or is a Christian is a Jew a religious Jew or a
religious Muslim as that person worshiping that one God you thought you
were just like you clipped all the other ones off no no no what you did by
rejecting everyone but the one Crea a world that was upside down in which you
can't have Justice anymore you can't have Justice right oh God it's it's the bakic
conundrum because this is the person we're here to cleanse we are here to
cleanse those who the Ancients called atheists namely the Christians the
monists right we're here we're here to free those people and the only way to
free them is to show them the gods is to
show them yeah bring back the history that's why they guard these texts so well right
they're powerful you think oh the biggest the the most powerful substance in the universe is that nuclear stuff
were messing around with yeah that's probably will be our demise but do you
realize the power historically of those classical texts I'm proud of all the people who
want to be in the in the classes I'm proud of that that's gorgeous it says a great thing it says a great thing about
you right sit back as I'm reading all your applications sit back and look at it and say you know what this is a good
thing look what I'm doing I love it I love it I commend everyone everyone who
sent in an application I commend them give me give me the next one we got to Neil is saying he said don't hurry but I
gotta I gotta get there we got a Christ everyone watch this what else do I want you to see um here people step into
those shoes we're looking at law that is the gnome on here you see it in the blue in
the Greek phon Mal right noron what is that the soft
handed law of drugs that's how you refer to the physicians's AR
heart yeah the soft-handed law of
drugs yeah now that's soft-handed I'd argue you could you could push that to
mollifying right the mollifying law of drugs right the drug
the painkilling law of drugs that's got that Spirit of
hypocrates wrapped up and all that it's the gorgeous stuff this is all classical right this is not this is not Christian
at all it's not any monism there's no monism involved here in the formation of classical civilization that's one thing
I need to get across people are sitting here in a democracy at least the
Americans right that's at least what we believe we're sitting in a democracy we
have to defend what that democracy is and that democracy didn't come from
Christianity it didn't that's what they're going to be teaching in the schools here yes our
friends across the pond it's coming for you next what do we have to do we have to
bring it back to him we have to show them democracy was not birthed by
Christianity democracy came from polytheistic people of all sorts of
races right all all sorts the thing they had in common was their
language yeah and the fact that they were polytheists who wouldn't walk through
town and see the temple of justice and say that's a good thing right when you walk by your city
your town hall or your city mayor's office or the police station you say what a good
thing right now there police may be different from cyi and archers right
most the time you can Nick somebody and knock them out you know what I mean so they ought to give they ought to start
giving the police some kind of chemical Force that's fantastic um no don't take
my suggestions what are you doing look at me jeey can you believe anybody would listen to that go what is the next
Source people what's in the world today a lot of pseudo christs and a lot of pseudo
prophets and they're making signs they're doing signs creating signs and
these monstrosities and they're all to lead people astray they're all to lead people
astray this is in the same gospel where Jesus in the next chapter gets arrested in a public park with a naked kid at the
time contemporary with Jesus Christ or pseudo christs and pseudo prophets why
do pseudo Christ and pseudo prophets go together because when you get really
really high that's when you can hear the angels
that's when you can hear the angels bro if you haven't been there sorry sorry
for you sorry but if you're a follower of
Christ you're gonna have to go there or else Kingdom of Heaven has nothing to do
with you and by the way all our boys get
castrated what what oh God we're back with the
Syrian mother again I don't think she's going to tolerate this much longer you people just wait Syrian mother is going
to show up and all that stuff it's gonna she's gonna be chasing it out the
Watchers told me that they don't just watch they can also talk give me the the next one and what happens now yeah in in
these days after the um the tribulation people
would translate this as um the Sun is going to become dark and the moon will
not give off its reflective light its fangos right that gorgos that then
permeates and so remember all of the worshippers of seleni and that should be
capitalized there right Selen and the new testament's full of Gods
yeah it's got Hades and death and everything they're active participants all the time
right because it's written within a polytheistic culture that it then turned
around children and destroyed in order to set up
tyranny complete and total tyranny yeah you bet man they had power
not just over your things and over your body they had power over your soul they
have power over your soul baby they want that big house years they're gonna get it they're gonna get it and they did
they did are you ready for the Dark Ages again who here no seriously people in the chat should we see if you can put up
chat who here is for the return of the Dark Ages I can't wait for 1200 right
when we get back to the to the stench of 12200 I'm G to who throw them up there
throw them up does anybody hands off me right whose hands are the hands of
Christ right oh God all right let's go go to the source go to the source we'll
come back J will pick that up um here we are and um yeah what's else is going to
happen there's going to be stars that fall from uranos right and the powers
the powers in the uran noise in the
heavens yeah they will shake they will shake right it's an
Quantum event that includes drawing down the
stars and cestra is drawing down the
stars she is that woman do you want to know what's under her feet the moon do
you want to know she clothes yourself with the
sun oh my God this is gorgeous [Music] [Laughter]
now okay no Dark Ages it's okay it's
okay I like knowledge BD BW broom I like knowledge too yes absolutely Angela
absolutely absolutely right we don't want to go back no right oh God we've got to it's gonna
happen happen it's going to happen people right right it's happening right around you get your Bibles
[Music] Oklahoma I can't wait I can't wait yeah I should go teach in Oklahoma shouldn't
I if you think I should teach in Oklahoma write me a comment and say Oklahoma needs you alen all right let me
get back to let me get back to how long do you think I'd last in Oklahoma I'd have to wear a mustache and do something
anyway give me the the next um chart I'm going a Christ I want to Christ everyone I'm in a christing mood Tada look here's
a whole list of christing I want you to look at it people for those of you who thought Jesus was the Christ and thought
Christ was a term that was just about Jesus here are a whole bunch of Christ that you're gonna I'm going to throw in
your face tonight right you're sitting there right in the middle the stars are
all standing around you christing your face right right it's right in your face you
cannot turn away from this right Eyes Wide Open look at all these wonderful christs we got and we
got we got we got let's see some of these give me the
you think that's it do you do you really think that's all of Christ no here's a whole bunch more a whole bunch more of
Christ and look these are coming long before during and after
Jesus yes long before during and after and look at all the Christ that we've got here oh God be that sounds
wrong it's a little bit different love it now that one's not
related there's our pseudo Christ now let's look at some of these let's look at some of these Christ things are you
ready boom yeah go ahead H hit me with it hit me with it oh God this is one of
them a giant text hey kitties hey kitties you know it's the end of the world kitties oh I'm sorry guys this is
a message from Jesus um hey kitties you know it's the end of the world you know
you heard the antichrists are coming right and there's already many antichrists in the world right and
that's how we know this it's the end of the world did you hear that Christians
will you get your monism together here please um yeah yeah yeah they weren't really part of us they would have stayed
with us if they were and he goes on but you know um you have a
charism my Christian brothers and sisters do you have a
crism from the Holy One it's capitalized I hope you do the
Catholics are saying yeah yeah yeah yeah no no the evangelic saying I did I ever get christed did I ever have a a charism
if you don't have a charism you have no idea what you're doing you have no idea and I don't mean like little criis that
little foot I don't mean that no and all the Catholics are like oh r no that's
not what I'm talking about because what does your crism do what does the drug do
K
you all are in the know now I know some
of the texts will turn pontes into the accusative case and it'll be you know
everything this text says you are all those of you who have the christing are all
knowing you know you remember what it said on the Temple of the Mysteries it said know yourself
[Music] the god Apollo was there to guide you through it right it's part of the whole
citizenship thing look at this this is gorgeous
bring in the goats don't you love the goats this is does anybody understand what's going on I suddenly feel like I
need to sing the star spangle Banner but about Aphrodite and bonus give me the
next one yep we need to keep going oh um yeah yeah yeah no no
blah blah epel blah let me just Christ people and then we'll get to Neil people how about
anos that is fresh spread pharmacon did anybody order fresh spread
pharmacon anybody anybody want those fresh spread drugs do you know that's
what she is using cestra so wait a minute you mean Christ
is a drug yep uhhuh give me the next Christ let's
Christ him in the face a little more come on right in your visual don't look away don't look away I want you to see
this one coming oh God oh God just look the
fourth line down see the Eon what can you Christ before I Christ
you let's watch day Anda right this is Hercules wife let's watch her what is
she christing she's Chris in clothing she's Chris in
clothing yeah where's she getting her christing from the centur now for those of you who have written to me and said
what is a centaur I just want you to realize imagine a male
person who is human from the waist up
but you know how do I say this under the waist they a
horse okay the Centaur is the one who shows her the
Love Potion the Centaur Hercules knew it so he shot him right right are these
people violent at least the people with the bows are violent my goodness but
from those bows are coming the tech are coming the pharmaceutical Tech it's ultimately driving the religion that is
driving Bronze Age Society it's gorgeous it's gorgeous the TCH is
gorgeous and it's oh God give me give me the next one we we must H give me the next one yep boom who else is no no just
give me the next one who else is walking around chising their robes there was a woman who had a flow
of blood yeah for 12
years and by the way she went to doctors nobody nobody could take care of her next nobody could take care of her and
what happened she just took a hold she grabbed a hold of the edge of
His Garment and what happens she got Cur cured she got cured now for those of you
who follow the biblical fairy tale you you'll hear like I don't know when he tou when she touched him it'll be like
ding or or some kind of you know sound would be some kind of
some mist or something or there there some kind of what do they call it what do they I call it when oh the holy bomb
or something holy Grace bomb or something something's gonna happen that's what you're thinking about this
text right but that's not what's going on that's not what's going on this is
Christ thing and you're you're in the middle of it give it to me give it to me again what was the give it go back um um
she's cured she's cured now why is this why is this
deona is chising the
Robes of Heracles with a drug that is meant to cause him to be
attracted to and excited for her it is an
aphrodesiac you see where has Heracles been for the last year danir is fed up
with it she's like the dude's never around where is he right where is the
where is he and it turns out he comes comes back and he's got Yoli with him
who is Yoli you remember Cassandra meet
Yoli they did it again they did it again his shirt gets
christed it makes complete and total anthropological sense when you're
looking at the medicine and the drugs that Jesus would also be
christing yeah yeah now you know why now you know why you thought it was a fairy
tale and just boom boom and he's the Christ and he no I'm sorry and people
are beginning to wake up they're beginning to see this and they're beginning to wake up but I want to talk
to NE about let me Christ a little bit more Christ on you Christ on you right on the Glorious face you right because
in in in the in the idea of the Ops you've got this thing that radiates from
your face right your Ops sometimes translated as your
vision but it has to do not with just your physical sight but with your
understanding of the world right the K clops has that one
circular Vision right he may have two eyes don't think he just has one right okay here we
go so um what does she say what does the wife of herac say she says look the Centaur that the that Beast this is what
he showed me he showed me this after he got he got hit by the arrow because
remember Hercules shot him right because he's messing around with his with his wife and what did he show her he showed
her how to bring Achilles back it was a love potion she Saidi remembered it this is
for all the Mormons out there I remembered it as if I had written it down on copper
plates and what happened she says I did everything Faithfully that he told me to
do the Centaur you know what I did I made that drug I put it into a place
where it couldn't be touched By the Light cuz he said what you know something's bad's going to happen right
and I HIIT it I just took it and I brought it to the very innermost
part brought it to the very innermost part of my womanly
quarters my womanly apartment my womanly
Temple I brought it there yeah and what
happened I kept it safe until I could take it out and freshly
Christ look at that bottom line it's third word in the bottom line do you see how much christing there
is in Antiquity flash through these really quick chewy chewy we're gonna fly we're gonna fly now she's christing in
her innermost damos right that's in her oos that's in her house but it's in her
innermost chamber that sacred chamber Her Sacred chamber hit me with the next
one what are we going to do and I want you to notice that these are associated with women these AXS or women remember
this is number three number three things as Athenians you oil
yourself thoroughly in wrestling and in
love yeah if you aren't um it's because you're a
barbarian man listen to your listen to your stupid language here we go un anointed give me
the next one one must anoint you get into an you
get into a situation with soranus see Sor s o That's soranus 216 is work on
Gynecology he's talking about the parts in Gynecology that must be anointed did
you know you're supposed to anoint yourself did you know and I'm talking to
the audience of Sor anus I'm talking to the audience of the Doctor Who is the
gynecologist anoint yourselves Dion right right okay
di savs look you can just have t and it's savs just in general ointments what
a nice concept keep going one must anoint look what do we
get again sanus he's big on this christing thing yes because it's women's
medicine and when they're talking about christing in women's medicine they're talking about christing the woman's
privates they talk about christing the men's privates too but in these context
this is women's medicine you're supposed to be
christed oh of these years Jesus Christ okay give me the next one more
christing and we're going to call on the in rubbed in look at that you a little
bit more it's not you don't just lather this stuff on you rub it in and look at where you rub it in you rub it into the
oalm into the eyes you thought I was making it up when I said christing is
rubbing stuff into your eyes no it is and do you know why they're doing that the doctors all talk about it it's
enchantment it's changing your mental perceptions right altered mental
perceptions that's what they're doing they're inducing with the drugs right and some
of them do it with the eyes do you know that when Jesus was with that naked boy and that naked boy has the bandage on
his private part and Jesus ends up with that goo on his face
in his eyes right it doesn't help to swallow it
the goo goes in the eyes says the
Christ I know I know where's my I don't think I can t take much more christing
this is too much Chris thing is everybody agree I'm getting I'm getting okay give me a little more christing
just a little people want if you're out there you want more christing give it to me this is the supply of oil
for the Christ thing Eli chrisa good good so you know there's like technical
terms that are Christ terms that's okay give it and then we have the epos that's
what's smeared on look at the Pharma the Pharma that are smeared on right okay good good next one how
about the fil now look people here's a light word it's giving a six Century
onod Dominy right from Palestine and what is it it's a filow Christ loving
Christ loving Christ so you can watch you can watch the development of the
word so that next time you say Christ you'll know what it means okay give me the next one I hope we're past the ones
that are making me sick and the tellum me one must annoint it just look people
another edius at the end of it that's another Medical other medical again talking about parts of the body that you
need to anoint for those of you who didn't believe me a year ago when I talked about um the apocalypse right and
the trisco right notice that it says here the Kos is for use as ointments or Tris
remember those are the things that we always translate as seals um Ezekiel has
them and those round circle things that they always paint those Christians that
paint that stuff by the way by the way I had a word I was supposed to tell you this I was supposed to tell you oh and
the word drug was there too um right right there with the seals that you're talking about okay um I was supposed to
tell you oh shoot what dides the devil tell me to tell him oh it'll come back to me it'll come back to me let me keep
let me keep thinking go give me the next one um listos right
whitewashed white christed I wonder what it means to get white christed give me the next one um Muro oh this is one of
my favorite right this is one of my favorites Anointed with the anguin now that's a really tame way of saying the
sex drugs right the sex oil put on your sex soil right why are they doing this
doesn't everybody when it you know they it's so common that they bring it to the stage
Aristophanes brings it to the stage and the oiling up is the getting ready when it says that palra was getting ready to
wrestle and she told him get yourself ready what was she talking about she was
talking about the miroc christing yeah you've got a miroc Christ
yourself why because you're going to be
wrestling if you're not going to be wrestling something's wrong are you married to a pastor what's going on here
somebody somebody call this person get over here ladies better choices let's go Neo
kakistos just smeared right dioris and the doctor we're gonna fly pong Christos
thoroughly thoroughly anointed right you got every you got every crack and crevice didn't you there a little
passage for you of Hercules wife and what she's saying she says I really hope he enjoys his poison t-shirt right his
pan risting he's been pan christed and what is what does she want
it to cause in him look at the first line she wants him to be poneros
poneros he she wants him to be all excited she wants them to be all excited
it's one of those drugs you're G to put it on it's going to cause you to be all
excited what did the woman do who took a hold of his G
yeah she christed herself yeah wonderful give me the next
one give me the next one uh we have ointments here parista what else we got more christing
what you and then here look you've got to Christ yourself you've got to Christ yourself
do you remember what happens when you Christ yourself give it to me it'll come back ointment ointment oint o ointment
good give me more more and more just keep going just keep going one's got an anoint right must be apply what are we
going to apply his ointment something called lias what the heck is that give it to me what is lias look at this a
fattening substance what is it butter what are they putting on
themselves it's a Sav look at number three a Sav I mean you could you could
Christ don't be prudish you could Christ with some kind of lard or you know something
like that or butter you could Christ with that look um look at number four Lima
oon talking about a tear talking about a tear that little ointment in your eye
isn't that gorgeous you can you sometimes you just got to you got to Christ people right next time you Christ
you know think about it think about what you're doing it's a medical practice
Christ yourself give me the next one um smear right it's getting it's getting
old it's getting old we're just smearing stuff all over the place we've got bottles of this stuff laying around
right these are this is actual reality people this is not literature this is reality we've got some dude who's a
whitewasher good for him right um here's the word for Christian you mean the word for
Christian is the word for one who is
christed yes that's why it says in the Revelation and remember every single
word of the Apocalypse is true and anybody who messes with it oh that's what the devil told me to say I remember
that's what the devil told me to say the devil told me to say look out um send a
message that guy who wrote the series left behind right and the people that
were involved with it um you're not you're you're you're not in a good
position it turns out it was what you were writing about was fake it was fairy
tale and it was a false construction of a tablet a a book a scroll a song that
is cursed it's cursed and so were you and
on top of it devil said you tell them you made money you made
money everybody everybody who bought
into left behind yeah yeah it's a i it's amazing
nobody reads the Bible though people I don't know why no nobody reads the Bible anymore okay we're going to read the Bible watch this here's a Christian
christianos give me the next one here's Peter he says look you know if you get persecuted because you're a
christianos don't be ashamed don't be ashamed let it be to the glory right to
the glory and the name right because that to us is everything what are we we
are the christed you have none of these people walking around today Christians
are not the christed they are not they have not taken the thought ofone that Jesus saids
you have to take realize your life is a figment of
an imagination that came from the first second and third centuries a monism that
destroyed your own understanding of yourself okay let's keep going let's keep going more of that Christ thing I
think we're just gonna jump I think we're here's the pseudo Christ yeah here's a couple more verses and I think
we're gonna finish up with that finish up with that um this is to anoint yourself all over now if you anoint
yourself all over good for you good for you I think that's how it should be done too I I'm I'm with these I'm going to
hang with these people um the Antichrist look at how many new types of
people we can have are you an antichrist oh yeah you know it you know it give me the next one what is that one I want to
see what that Co oh yeah yeah know there's lots of pseudo Christ you know prophets and they're all doing this in
the sun right the Moon seleni is there right beneath the feet did you get your
anointing on is that why we're hearing what we're hearing yes it is and finally
here's your imbrication and um here is your anointing or be smearing right okay I
just wanted you to see it's a lot of christing it's a lot of christing so
I've given you the context of what people did when they
actually christed and I hope that you're beginning to see where the right is
coming from as we look into the Bronze Age to
the drugs that they were first using or at least it's the first record I'm sure
you know I don't know how old it is but it's when we begin to see literary
depictions right it's when we begin to see it's at this time the late Bronze Age they're coming up with this drug
Tech or at least they're employing it and um guess what ladies you're right in the middle of it you're right in the
middle of it and it turns out um our society is just a is just a weak
reflection of what that original Amazonian um
Democratic Oracle creating Bronze Age world where women could castrate
captives poison them and turn them into sex slaves
when you say the good old days that's what you're talking about yeah to the Greeks these were the good old days um
it's you had to be there the tech was something okay I'm gonna call in Neil now and I'm gonna see look you had to
wait way longer this is terrible but you told me not to worry um people I want us
to welcome back Hercules who has come back to us from his
adventures yeah and he's gotten everything out of his system and now now he's come back and he's ready to hit you
with some sources thank you for coming tonight um I don't want to set up your clip Neil I want you to set it up but I
want people I'm gonna be sitting in the background saying I told you so I told you so okay
I'm yep you're good you're good I'm gonna give it over I'm gonna play that clip last so that way you can come back
and react to it we can talk about it okay turn your volume up a little bit JY says ARG turn it up
how's that better yeah a little bit better okay cool there we go there we go
let's go with the uh first slide that I have um it's the white text not the
video yeah so you know he was talking about gods in the in the Bible so I'm
sure somebody in the crowd wants wants to see what he means by that so I pulled it up and this is the clear example of
and and you find this type of rhetoric and this type of style in the cilene OR orles which were around in the first
century first century BC first century ad first second century and so on they
and by the way cilene oracles they're written sort of in the well obviously
they're written in the hexamer proos like like they're written in the certain style of Greek but like Revelation which
isn't written in that sty same style of Greek but Revelation is like Sian orles in the sense that they're both they're
both very prophetic and they used Gods as concepts of things in the world
they're both very like ideas based I guess that's the way to put it but I want to throw I want to
throw something at you I want to show you what he means by that and so at the end of Revelation verse 11 and I'm sorry
ver uh chap chapter 20 vers 11 he says Kon thron Megan lukan saw a white Throne
a great white throne and on it sitting who's from the face fled the gay k k
and so you got Gaia and arinos in the nominative singular both of them now it doesn't necessarily mean because it's in
the nominative singular it doesn't mean it's a person necessarily or a god necessarily it can be Heaven and Earth
but watch what's going on in this chapter that's what matters to me so it
so as it continues and Heaven and Earth were in in place was not found for them
and I saw the dead and great and small standing before the throne and the bibla
were opened and another bibla was opened which the which the one Zoe which was
the one of Zoey okay the book of Zoey and were judged the Dead the necro out
of the things that were written and in these biblo according to the Deeds of them and he gave up
thala now thala can just mean see but in the orphic hymns I have an oric HS right
there there's a whole dedication there's a whole sacrifice there's a whole ritual
where you can actually light certain incense and set and and him and honor
thala thala is a god so let's keep let's continue I think
the evidence gets better as we go it says T neus and
alaios thos Kaio ades Hades G up so what
did I just say there Thanos and Hades are there not only is thala there giving
up his dead but Thanos and Hades are giving up their dead
and who were in them and they were judg each according to their Works uh and
Thanos and Hades Thanos Kyle Hades were cast into the lake of puros of
fire and Thanos this is the second death all right Thanos and Hades are actually
characters in orphic mythology or orphic you know the greater oric textual Corpus
if you want to call it that um and they do have their own dead Hades has his own
dead that he has control over he has souls that he is power over so does
Thanos and so does Kronos who live rules aium so does pany and there's there's
also a lake of fire down there in there's no Lake of the oldest Lake of Fire we find is in the Greek is in Greek
mythology you don't find Lake of Fire in any Old Testament or Hebrew mythology
that's a totally Greek mythology thing that you're finding in this par in this
chapter so I think Revelation is playing around with gods and they're being
judged and put by the way these are great Gods Not Just little Gods these aren't just Damons these are great Gods
who have orphic hymns dedicated to them all of them Theos uh thala Gaia uranos
Hades all those gods that were mentioned in this chapter all of them have specific hymns dedicated to them they'll
have specific um honors specific ways to sacrifice specific um uh incenses burned
to them so that's a really good point here I think there's some polytheism happening in the book revelation to me
there's no doubt so I wanted I wanted to start off with that because the reason why I want to start off with that is
because this is what we find in the Mysteries and a lot lot of people will try to say well the Mysteries is a is
some later thing that happens as you know the same basically at the same time as Christianity you get the uh hermetic
Mysteries and uh what else comes around at that time uh mithraic mystery which is true those those do come later uh I
think after talmy sacks uh cissa all those mithraic pirates those Lees leoy
they all um end up transferring their Cults over to the Romans and that's how you get the cult of mithas that's that's
according to plutar not me um but that so we have a Mysteries
they go way back before that that's a lie I just made that I just wanted to tell you that people who say Mysteries
is is a later phenomenon of the post Augustine era [__] samran Mysteries
orphic Mysteries bakic Mysteries linian Mysteries all those basically go back to
at least early Iron Age if not Elan and Sam thian go back to the Bronze Age the
mystery religions are old is as old as writing is we don't even know how old linian Mysteries are who knows and Samra
Mysteries are even older than the eloian Mysteries even the eloian admitted that
so Sam thraa Mysteries who knows and and if you actually the little bit we do know about the Sam th Mysteries they
have preg Greek Archaic what they call palasan Gods the names of their gods
that go back before before the Greek that's how old it is that's that's what the sources say so I wanted to share I'm
going to share uh let me see let me stop this screen I'm gonna show I'm I got a file that I want to share um let me see where
I do what I do with this file just give me a second I got some good stuff to uh
to add to what ammo was saying so speaking of the Mysteries you got the
word muo and if you look at percus tus and Alice you get close be shut of the
eyes remember what ammo was saying he was talking about having your eyes be open by being
christed uh but yeah that's that's what the word means it literally just means to close
so uh muo means I initiate or I dis close right uh mustace is a word that's
used that just means initiate so the from that word muo I shut you get these
other words having to do with religion having to do with being initiated so
Paul talking about Christ crucified as the mystery or the secret is uh language
that would have caught the ear of the God-fearing Greek in the time period and
would have said Mysteries oh I love mysteries what do you got for me I'll be initiated give me a baptism give me a
Christ give me some Eucharist in fact we have some sources on that so let's talk
about that so this by the way I wrote Marcus Magus down here because I have him in my notes and I was supposed I was
trying to write um dores that's not Marcus Magus this is diores I don't know
why I wrote that but he did Das scories did die in 90 ad so that is true so I got that part right diores is going to
be the subject of the next couple minutes he died in 90 ad he's a contemporary running around with Paul
maybe he was even Paul's plug who who knows maybe Paul was buying his [__] off this [Laughter]
guy but anyways the the verse that I wanted to to uh to address here is porur
Kaa which I'm gonna cite Al booy here I'm I got to cite Al boy this is a
screenshot from one of Al Boy videos where he he he translates as the burning
purple um now I was trying to I wanted to translate it myself too and I I I
think it's the um let's see what has he got he's got he's got the aist
active I think it's the Eric's passive but I could be wrong I could be wrong
I'm just saying I just want I want to see what what people think about that I'm throwing that out there we can go back to that we can Circle back to that
I'm not trying to start nothing but it wouldn't even make a difference if it will make a slight difference it would be the burnt purple the purple that's
been burnt whereas in the air is active it's the burning purple
now the reason why I bring that up is because diores talks about this burnt
purple where he says it has these different uses and there's all you can
use it to clean wounds you can use it to clean scars you use it for checking overgrown flesh whatever that means and
it's a detersive of the teeth cleans your teeth out which is odd because you see a lot of teeth cleaners these days
that are actually purple I don't know if you guys know that go to the go to the go to your local store Cosmetics store
and go to the teeth cleaning stuff you'll see there's like purple teeth cleaners out there and I almost wonder I wonder if they re discover rediscovered
decor's methods of cleaning teeth just saying you never know but uh yeah so
okay that's that I'm gonna lay that's the Dan clip that I have saved for for when I need it so I'm going to go to I
have one more thing I got to show burning since we're on the topic of burning purple or the burnt purple
whichever it is um I want to share my last screen before I get to
that video and that is that is this so this is a story we
get this is a story we get from hippopus at the end of the second century I think
early third Maybe but anyways he's talking about a guy named Marcus who lived in the second
century now before I read this story I want you to realize how big of a deal this guy is he gets his
own entire multiple chapters dedicated just to him where most most um most
Heretics get like a paragraph or a page or a sentence Marcus gets multiple pages
and he gets multiple books dedicated just to himself only Marcus valentinus by the way Marcus was
the successor of valentinus we're going to get into that the valentinians were a huge I think they were the mystery the
earliest I think they represent the earliest strata of Christianity but we'll get into that we'll get into that too but anyways the naine preacher who
we don't know his real name valentinus and Marcus they get the
most most uh action in these TXS they get the most um they're the most serious
by far and it's because of how much power they had it turns out this is not just me like spewing nonsense anybody
this is like well-known agree this is like consensus stuff or I'm about the marians who are in offshoot of the
valentinians are the largest growing faction of Christianity in France in the
second and third and fourth Century all the way into they like they they were there for a while apparently and they
got their name from this guy so European Christianity comes from this
wa what you're about to hear all right let's let's read this story but there is another among
them of these Heretics Marcus by name who boasts himself as having improved
upon his master he is a perfect Adept in magical impostures and by this means
drawing a great number of men and not a few women he has induced them to join
themselves to him as to one who is possessed of the greatest nosis and Perfection that's
what the word actually is but and who has received the highest power from the invisible and ineffable regions above
thus it appears if as if he really were the precursor of antichrist for joining
the buffoon of anoos of the craftiness of the Magi that's why he gets his
nickname from Marcus Magus Marcus maggus as they are called he is regarded
by his senseless and crack brain followers working miracles as by these
means What miracles pretending to consecrate cups mixed with wine the
Eucharist obviously and protracting to Great length the word of invocation he
contrives to give them a purple and reddish color remember the
purple we we talked about this all the time sometimes it's a dark red Crimson doesn't have to be purple sometimes it
can be a little on the on the reddish side so here we got a good candidate for this right here purple and reddish color
so what does he say here by the way I love this translation the one that I was going to use translates this to Grace
this person kept the word Caris they actually transliterate I love it because that it makes you it makes you hear the
Greek it makes you hear the original context so I'm going to read it so that Caris who is one of those and the other
one says so that the grace Superior all things like he just totally changes the translation but this is what it really
says so that Caris who is one of those that are superior to all things should
be thought to drop her own blood into that cup through means of his invocation
and that thus those who are present should be led to Rejoice to taste that
cup in order that by so doing Caris who is set forth by this Magi may also flow
into them and again handing mixed cups to the women he bids them consecrate
these in his presence when this has been done he himself produces another cup of
much larger size than that which the diluted women have consecrated and
pouring from the smaller consecrated by the women into that which has been brought forth so he's basically explaining how he drugs them and stuff
whatever he does this is like he has a slight of hand going on he's got a small cup and a big cup the drugs are in the small cup and they're not looking he
dips it he's drugging he's drugging these girls this is not this is Wild by the
way I just want to I'm G to stop here just to give you some context his student that he succeeded he
they consider in it's in this text somewhere where he says that this is the successor of valentinus I think it's in
the chapter before this where he says that he's a student of valentinus who was the second highest Bishop in
Rome in the 150s of the Common Era 140s actually I'm sorry 140s so
valentinus was the SEC had the second highest amount of votes to become the bishop of Rome and if that would have
happened he would be on your list I got my Catholic Bible right
here if you open up your Catholic Bible it's got the list of succession of popes
he was on this list now I know some Scholars will say but they weren't popes in the beginning they didn't the bishop
of Rome didn't have that much power I don't care I'm looking at this list and I see henus and I see telesphorus and
see pasus from 140 to 155 pasus is the guy I think it was
either hainus or Pi I think it was hainus 136 to 140 so it was even earlier
than I thought this is even earlier than I thought this is in the 130s henus is on the list henus is the
guy that beat valentinus out for votes by a couple of votes I'm telling you it was only a couple of votes that's what
the sources say now just let that sink in the successor to that guy whose
church almost became the Church of Rome very close or at least he would have been steering the ship a little bit more
in his own Direction who knows we don't know we don't know what would happened maybe nothing happened who knows I'm just saying there was that's what would
have happened so he says he says this this is that guy and by the way marosan
are known are known to be the the biggest church in France in the second and third Century after this guy so it
says pouring from the smaller one consecrated by the women into that which has been brought forward by himself he
at the same time pronounces these words may that Caris who is before all things
and who transcends all knowledge and speech fill your inner man and multiply
in you her own knowledge by sowing the grain of mustard seed in you as in good
soil repeating certain other like words and thus goting on The Wretched woman to
Madness he then appears a worker of Wonders so they're tripping balls off
this stuff and they're probably seeing visions of Christ and Mary or whatever and there he's probably saying see it's
my Eucharist told you and uh that's how he does it so they basically talk about
and then he says it appears probable enough that this man possesses a demon
as his familiar Spirit by means of whom he seems able to prophecy so he's
basically he's pulling off this guy's admitting that whoever whatever this guy's doing he's pulling off prophecy
and it's working and also enables as many as he counts worthy to be partakers
of of his Caris themselves to prophecy he devotes himself especially to women
and those such who are well bred and elegantly attired and have great wealth whom he frequently seeks to draw after
him by addressing them in such seductive words as these I am eager to make you a
partaker of my grace Caris since the father of all does continually behold
your angel before his face now the place of your angel is Among Us these are his
words this is this is a quote from him let me start that over this is a quote from Marcus I am eager to make you
partake of my Caris since the father of all does continually behold your angel
before his face whatever that means now the place of your angel is Among Us it
behooves us to become one receive first from me and by the gift of Caris Adorn
yourself as a bride who is expecting her BR bridegroom that you may be what I am
and what you are establish the germ of light in your nupal chamber receive from
me a spouse and become receptive of him while you are received by him behold
Caris has descended upon you open your mouth in Prophecy and the woman replying I have
never at any time prophecied nor do I know how to prophecy then engaging for
the second time in certain invocations as to Astound his diluted victim he says
to her open your mouth speak speak whatsoever occurs to you and you shall
prophecy since then vainly puffed up and elad by these words and greatly excited
in Soul by the expectation that is herself who is the prophecy her heart
beating violent by the way shout out to hippius for writing this this is good [__] her heart beating violently from
emotion reaches though requisite requisite pitch of audacity and ID idly
as well as impudently utters some nonsense as it happens to occur to her
such as might be expected from one he from an empty Spirit referring to this one Superior to me has observed that the
soul is both audacious and impudent when heated with empty air henceforth she
reckons herself a prophetess I wonder what AM thinks about that heeded part henceforth she reckons herself as a
prophetess and expresses her thanks to Marcus for having imparted to her of his
his own Caris she then makes the effort to reward him not only by the gift of her possessions in which he has
collected a large very Fortune by the way there's probably some trueth to this because like I said he goes on to start
the biggest church in all of France he basically brings Christianity to the
Galls basically he's like he's like known for that then it says but already some of
the most faithful women possessed of the fear of God and not being deceived
uh aboring and ex excreting him have withdrawn from such vile company of revelers this they have done as being
well aware that the gift of Prophecy whoops what did I just do oh here we go
okay so Mark so it is is not conferred on men by Marcus the magician Marcus the maggus but that only those to whom God
sends his care his grace from above possesses divinely inspired so he's talking [__] you know last thing I
wanted to show on this part is right here he says Marcus compounds filters
and love potions this guy loves drugs and purple
[__] right and it says in order to insult the persons of some of these women if not all of them those of them
who have returned to the Church of God a thing frequently occurs have acknowledged confessing too that they
have been defiled by him wow and that they were filled with a burning passion
towards him a sad example of this occurred in the case of a certain Asiatic one of our
deacons who had received him why are they all getting tricked by him if he's so's so evil how are they all going back
to him all the time something something's going on here who had received him into his house his wife a
woman of remarkable Beauty fell a victim both in mind and Beauty to this magician
and for a long time traveled about with him at last with no small difficulty the
brethren had converted her she spent her whole time in exercise of public confession blah blah blah blah blah but
that yeah anyways he's a Magus he makes a lot of drugs
um he says and they say they assert that they themselves know more than all others and that they alone have ided the
greatness of the nosis of the knowledge of what is unspeakable the Mysteries so what I
think when I when I'm reading something like this this shows me even though
hippius who's writing this 50 years later he's writing this 50 years later hippius is not a primary source to oh
he's a primary source that we're reading him but he's not a primary um witness to these events he's writing about
something that happened 50 years before him so when I read this and I think hpus
is looking back at an older time of Christianity happening in the 130s 130s of the Common Era 130s and
140s and this is a time where Christianity is looking way different different and that's what this tells me
this tells me that the the Christians who were in charge and running the churches were doing way different [__]
they were doing and it was way more mystery mystery like a lot more Eucharist and baptisms and as you can
see here this guy's going his own extra route and adding purple drugs to the Eucharist not sure how many other
churches were doing that I mean I would guess maybe there more than one right
just saying what do you think about that yeah you you found him right
everybody put your hands up the cops are all all outside right you found him you
you got them surrounded good FBI job yeah this was your clip too real quick
there's a joke about the Mysteries so one one of this is actually one of um diogenes's students I have this I had
this text right here from dienes syic and one of his students is named theodoros there's a story about this guy
Theodor and one day theodoris was sitting besides a hero Fant Ur clades and he
says tell me e clades who are those who violate the
Mysteries when the herant replied those who reveal them to the
uninitiated theodoris then said you guys this is this is you know you know he's learned from diogenes how to be slick he
says then you yourself are violating them when you expound them to the uninitiated because you have to you have
to reveal the Mysteries to the UN initiate in order to initiate them and this is what it says after that he would
hardly have escaped from being hauled in front of the court of arop pegos if
Demetrius of feron had not come to his rescue there's Demetrius poing up in our
history books again he's everywhere bravo bravo hit the clip show
these people set it up look what you found this is like a this is an expose that Neil's got going on I'm serious
this is like huge Renaissance business show do does your clip on the bottom
play or do I have to play my own because I don't know if I downloaded yet my own most Scholars would say the
Moses tradition probably started being written down uh in the 700s um maybe the late 800s BCE they are
probably writing the Moses stories down sometime in the 700s BC
what would you say to that so okay so when I hear uh a claim of that sort or
any Claim about when let's say a Biblical text was written uh the first question that I'll ask is how do you
know that and I expect an answer that's
compelling the answer can't be well uh most Scholars think that whatever I will
continue and I will ask well how do these Scholars know that right in in in in good historical work you need to show
evidence for any claim that you make I'm simply trying to put on the table what
it is that we know and what it is that we don't know and I look backwards in time start with the first century of the
Common Era and go backwards to the first century before the Common Era to the
second century before the Common Era to the third Century before the Common Era prior to this time the trail of evidence
ends we we know longer find archaeological evidence or textual
evidence which point to widespread observance of the Torah or in fact any
kind of observance of the Torah uh in actuality the fact that we don't have any references to any of the biblical
texts stories [Music]
laws did it pause I didn't pause it I can continue with though I got I got the clip right here so wait it's
probably on our end all right because the the last part is pretty good all right
ready is it playing down uh in the s or
textual evidence which point to widespread observance of the Torah or in
fact any kind of observance of the Torah uh in actuality the fact that we don't
have any references to any of the biblical texts stories laws the fact
that we have a practice which go against which
contravene Torah law for example we find images of Athena now these are copies of Greek
coins we find them being minted in Judea with the term the name yehud yudal
the name of the Judean Province I I find in my discussions with
Scholars often times people just they don't get what I'm doing right to me it seems so obvious but it's not
clear to them that this is a question that we can look into and and and
investigate and and think about it you know what are ordinary people doing to to me it's the simplest question of all
the earliest evidence that we have for the Torah being observed is from middle
of the 2 Century before the common ero
[Music] wow he goes farther than Gad bar goes
now the reason why this interview is a little bit different and it has better information I think because it's more
it's more it's worse than we thought it's worse than I thought because here and we didn't even we didn't even talk
about this but it's in his book he writes this in his book no circumcision no evidence of circumcision
until the 1th s a BC so before it's like we're you and I are probably thinking oh
probably around 300 when they get the when they make the SE two agent you know everyone's goingon to start following no no one gave a [__] no one's following it
it's just there it's just there for elite circles to read about kind of like how people have Plato's laws but they're
not following Plato's laws they're just reading it it's like that um it's like a philosophical treaties text it's one of
those like because there's there's a lot of these laws laying around in this time period it's not just the Torah it's not just Plato other people writing no most
no mo is a popular thing to write now he says this no
circumcision no synagogues they're they're eating pork
they're eating shellfish they're sacrificing to other gods they're making images of Greek and Pagan and Egyptian
gods all over the place no no mention like so it's like
they're not there this this place that we call Israel is just another Mediterranean place just like every
other part of the Mediterranean World until not the 300s until the has minian
period until the 150s BC that's when they start to shift
and change their culture into a worshiping one God following the
Torah that's when they start it's it's it's even worse than we
thought middle of the second century BC is what he says before that they're all
polytheistic pagans like everyone else they're just they're just Mediterranean people like everyone else why is that worse I kind of think
that's better if it's accurate I kind of think it's better you know what I mean no it's better it's better for you and
me and and for for everybody because it frees people from this yeah this thing
of like oh this this part of the world is different and there's you know we have to like treat this part of the world as like holy and sacred it's like
no it's just another another Mediterranean land like everyone else yeah so when I say worse I mean it's
worse for like the fundamentalist types who are like oh Moses you know wrote the Torah in 1300 bce. and now King David
and King Solomon and and King Josiah and his reforms all that all happened no it didn't happen what reforms are you
making if nobody's even doing anything right right there's no reforms to be had
right doesn't doesn't make any sense King the idea of King by the way there's not one mention of Josiah anywhere
outside the [Laughter] Bible made up right there's no letter to
pharaoh to King to King Josiah just doesn't
exist that can I ask was it refreshing to get somebody whose
standard was evidence right we're not the Theology and all that stuff none of
that stuff matters Right the dude is digging in the dirt by the way some of somebody just sent me an article that
they found a ring a gold ring in hia and it had the imprint of manerva on it
right and they wanted to know what I thought I I think I wrote back and said are you surprised right it's well
predating there was no Moses at the time that that ring was there there was no
Moses right that's a cre it's a later creation yeah some Bible Believers will
be shocked to know that Moses what do you mean Moses isn't around in 450 BCE that's way late in the game in their
opinion but he's not around yet in 450 BCE and they have Athena on their coin
there's not they don't have Moses on their coin like we have Abraham Lincoln on our coins they didn't have Moses and
Abraham on their money they have Athena and Zeus on their money Zeus holding the
[__] eagle and they worship the Zodiac of
ion right they do it's in the C OG they're sitting there right right by the
way synagogue is a Greek word you got to think about that for a minute you know what I mean it's amazing NE have you have you
as you're doing all this research and as you're pulling down all of the views of
the late Bronze Age and then down iron and then finally The Classical
Greece um are you getting some kind of picture of movements of people in this
you know basically a sea based world right and it's you got movements
of people throughout this area and some of those people are going through are
going through the you know what you call Judea right or Palestine people are
going through them those people have Greek they they do have there's Greek
blood all over the place there's genetics all over yeah those Phoenician Punic are
Mediterranean to the core yeah they're I mean they have a they have a different language they're semetic people of
course they have and they they're using the same alphabet but they you know they have their own like way of they have their own like I guess you could say
it's like a font if you think about it because it's all they're all it's all the same alphabet it's the alpha beta
but they have their own Pantheon of equivalents of Kronos of of
Zeus who they call Bal Ammon that's what they call them that's that's their Zeus
and they have uh they have all their have Ashman who they say is and this there's actually they have a we found a
bilingual text it's an it's half Punic and half Greek or Latin I can't it's
Latin actually is it Latin I think it is it's one of those two but one of them has
Adonis and the other one has Ashman and it's like so that you could see how they're like equating those Gods
together anyways but it's a bilingual it's like the it's like the um res but I wanted to mention something about the
Dan the Dan in the beginning of that clip they always say this we we we
Scholars think that Moses was being written down around the 700s why this is what I want to know why 700s why not
900s why not a thousand because it's the same thing to me you're just guessing you're just making [__] up with no
evidence and just going May it's possible that Moses just slipped through the cracks and that no one figured out
who he was until the helenistic period and that all there's only a small group of of of elitist people in in Jerusalem
who wrote about Moses why are they writing about Moses and not telling anybody what the hell's the point of that it's a very it's a very weird so me
and dererk were talking about this we're calling it The Torah of the gaps argument you ever heard of the god of the gaps
argument so people who people who try to argue about like God being in control of everything will say like oh they used to
think rain was sent by the gods now they know rain is is you know is caused by
cond ation or whatever and so like God kind of moves back into the areas that we don't know where he is right so now
it's just like he's outside of space in time monism right they do the same thing for the Torah wherever we if we look for
the Torah we look for evidence of the Torah or Mo stories about Moses or just anybody writing about Moses or Abraham
or anything just mentioning Abraham or Noah you can't find it it's just not
there so it becomes this thing of it becomes argument of the Torah of the gaps where we can't find them the
average Joe doesn't know who Moses is uh the farmer doesn't know who Moses is the
soldiers don't know who Moses is so it must just be some really small Priestly
class sitting up in Jerusalem by themselves writing writing Legends for nobody but
themselves it sounds crazy does it does and that was the only
beef I had with your guest um was it he said you got to really Iz and as soon as
you hear them generalizing you know um that they're going to mess up by the way the best Scholars can fall into this
trap yeah so I'm not I'm not saying this dude is an excellent scholar he sounded like it to me yeah and I was really
impressed with how he handled evidence so but when he generalized and it's easy
to step in this trap when he generalized and was talking about well you know in Antiquity um books were just for the
elite right and you had to have a lot of money and a lot of hoo-ha and a lot of
education and when he was saying that I thought what do you think the gymnasia were they were teaching people Homer you
sent theater theater you sent your kids to school to learn Homer's grammar what
do what do you mean there were 50,000 50,000 Scrolls in the alexandrian
library who do you think is reading all those Scrolls you think it's just a few Elite people that's an old argument that
I've heard in Classics for the longest time but here's the thing though and it doesn't stand up I I totally am fine
with their the idea that only a very select can read and write that even if
that's the case let's grant that fine it doesn't matter because they can still tell the stories to people and they
they're still gonna so you still have the theater you still have Homer being played out as a song for people who
can't read and write to listen to so even if even if that's true that only a
small certain people can read and write it doesn't mean they're not going to be able to tell people's stories people want to know stories people are sitting
around at campfires every single night they don't they don't do anything else
so if there's a legend somewhere about some hero they're gonna want to know about it there's no way that's not gonna
get out there it just doesn't make sense at all that people would secretly have their own little secret clicks of Legend
writing yeah that do just doesn't make any sense no no and let's remember it's
not all the Greeks because the Spartans were the You Know Not only was their Greek bad but they tried to Outlaw stuff
like theatrical performances and reading and stuff like that the Spartans were
far more like modern evangelicals than the evangelicals realize if you think
about how their culture was and how they viewed people in the world what their
big view was you want to say world view um yeah and you want to think about why
why things mean that they do because the Spartans are the ones who are into that right um you know what's funny about
that is the Spartans um there's a You're gonna laugh Josephus Josephus has a letter supposed
letter from the king of the Spartans writing to the king or the high priest or somebody to the Jews I don't know who
I can't remember who but it's it's preserved in Josephus and the king of the Spartans tells the Jews we're we're
we're all sons of Abraham together I figured you laugh at that for
what you just said yeah that's good that's good I like
that I like that yeah um and it fits you know it fits but we Athenians we're not
going to do that we got we've got things like democracy and that's a big deal to
us I thought it was a fantastic interview I thought you did a fantastic job how um was there any from it you
just wanted to say hey it's it you know it's also important that he was able to
show me this because obviously he moved your timeline down right you lost like a
century off of of Jewish history right it's like well it didn't go back that
far right it just wasn't around that's you know what you know what you know what makes it makes me realize because
if this is true that people are like let's let's put this timeline together
Judaism did not exist before 300 BC just did not exist there is no such thing as
Judaism before that everyone's polytheistic you get these texts put
together at this at this time around the 300s around the early three 270 to 300
whatever and then it s and then it sits there and it's just sort of like just
kind of just it just belongs to a certain you know group of alexandrian Jews who are interested in stuff and
then the jerusalemites take it back to the to their city and they had these texts the average person is not reading
that text yet not right away it takes a century and a half for people to start
knowing about this Torah and it's like finally all of a sudden according to the
the evidence of the archaeology in the 150s and it actually makes sense that
it's the 150s because it's right after the haian revolt and the Haan Vault
according to the text itself makes it clear that there was a huge conservative
push in Judea to follow only Yahweh and to follow the Mosaic law so it's finally
around the 150s BCE when Judaism becomes a thing and then only 150 years later
Jesus is born Christianity is not that far off from Judaism you the PE most people
think Judaism is like thousands of years before Christianity no they're like in
almost a century apart from each other it's it they're the they come at the same time yeah of History just like the
worship of aten um and the monism in Egypt in the 14th BC um you can see um Mediterranean
Society was free of monism until the first second late
second first what what date would you put it at when does the monism you know
what you're not gonna like this but I but I read a lot of presocratic [__] yeah those presocratic flirted with
monism but not in the way not in like monotheistic way just in a sense that
they believe and this is very platonic Plato thought this too and Plato and some of the presocratic before Plato
were FES one of these the ark the one the first one the prince the highest the
one the hen and they thought that there was this one above all the cosmos and
and the co and this this one produces you know Eros from uh from from the
chaos and then you get so they they still accept hiad they still accept
Homer but they're what they're doing is they're saying that these gods are under some one so that idea that that monism
idea to me starts around around the SE 65th Century BCE where you get monism
and I think it's a presocratic idea but like I said it's not in the way that people are not in the way that it's
done by judeans and Christians in the first century it's not they they take
monism they put it on steroids right right so because the the the PRI retics
were very specific about the one there is no you and I don't even talk to this one we have me we have dammons in
between we cannot talk to the one it's too it's way beyond our comprehension this is what they would this is what
this is what heraclitus would say or parmin okay so if you're tracing it if
you're tracing it through the Greek presocratic doesn't it make
sense that the septu is the original language these
people are coming through Alexandria being educated in Greek and Alexandria
doesn't it make much more historical sense that Hebrew is not the original
language that this is a Greek work that's filtering through Greek ideas
that you you just pointed out um the influence of mother Greek was so great
that Hebrew was nothing then it was nothing it was lurgical it was gone as a
matter of fact I don't think we can even say it was lurgical anymore because if you're saying Judaism gets here starts
being practiced as a as a monest religion in the second or first
century um yeah we have to say yeah those Traditions are fake there's no
they didn't have any Traditions that's that's when they bring back Hebrew and they they start writing in Hebrew at
that time because they're writing they're writing in Greek before that they are right no and they're speaking
Greek they all have Greek names aristobulus is a name arist he like
reformers you know what I mean people and people don't understand they think the um Jews in Alexandria
were all reactive against talism they weren't right there's plenty of the
population that had been speaking Greek had raised been raised Greek and had access to Greek education that you don't
you don't need you don't need another class of people to follow it youve got
people who are supporting it you know what I mean so just like mon just like monism is an idea that seems
to been have been like played around with by the presocratic Greeks the platonist and Plato himself in his nomoy
in his laws wrote about the gymnasium being a place of evil and you can tell
this is Plato late in his life he's a an old loser because you read Plato's earlier works I love early Plato in the
in the Symposium was amazing writing about OS and love and dianis but this
later Plato homosexuality is wicked evil you need to get rid of it the gymnasium needs to be
eradicated he's turning into like a conservative like full-blown and those
ideas I think and so does gin think that's what you get with I think Judaism
is is uh being influenced by platonism that's what I think is happening I think it's like platonism on
steroids yeah you know I think some great thinkers would think alike like n
with say the same thing um yeah they saw that classical origin that classical
font and when people realize oh your religion goes back to this like hey by the way and this is my next question
people are gonna say that you are crazy if you start showing them that
Judaism began um as late as a second and first uh what are you gonna do I mean
how what are you gonna do exactly what what janathan Edler said when I asked
him when I when I re when I paraphrased what um what what uh what's his name Dan
said 700s I'm gonna say how do you know that show me the evid like look we have
evidence of we know we know what it looks like we know what archaeolog archaeological sites looks like we know
there was people in Egypt doing circumcision we even know there's other places doing circumcision like up in the
north um in I think Assyria they're doing certain types of it so this it's
this practice is around but they're not doing it in Judea all the way up until 150s nobody's doing it and that's one of
the most important laws in the according to the story of Abraham seventh day your child should be circumcised they're not
doing it and they're eating pork and they're worshiping other gods and they're minting coins with Athena on it
so my my thing would be is where's show me where people are starting to to show
knowledge of the Torah and the the answer to that question is the evidence shows it's somehow it happen sometime in
the third to second century BC period you just can't find evidence
and any other any other claim like when Dan says all like all like
confident we Scholars all think that it happened in the 700s why not 1300 BC
then what's the difference because your evidence is exactly the same there's no [__] difference between 700 and 900
950 1370 I don't you're just making [__] up why why 700s and it's all it is weird
and like he I know he's a Mormon it is odd that in in the Mormon uh tradition
there's a prophet one of the prophets I think it's nii or whatever KN high or Lehi I don't even know I have no I don't
not study that [__] at all it's totally off my radar I have no idea what I'm talking about so I'm just going to give
a little warning I have no idea what I'm saying but I do know I do know that that that Prophet supposedly lived in the
700s in Egypt so it makes sense why someone would want to say that Moses had
to have been around in the 700s because my Prophet needs to hear about Moses or else the whole thing blows up right so I
there's a theological reason why he wants to push him in the 700s no notice how he threw in that
little and maybe 800s why did you say that what made you say that like what
what what happened in your brain that made you say maybe 800s is there some sort of evidence in the 800s that we can
look at no you just said that randomly yeah just so odd you know you know what
that is that's that's that funny burning feeling you get in your Nethers when
you're in the back alley and you're like that little touch that he haded maybe a little bit early you just look you um
you could have said that for 500 years either way either way of your mark and
with the same Assurance you know what I mean and that's why when he said about the Christ thing he said
Preposterous um that is the act of
the it's not a it's not cowardice it's it's um
projecting a confidence that will float your point right you're not you you
don't care about evidence the guy that you interviewed that dude is obviously
built his career on evidence and handling evidence yeah I got need look at Lehi
from the book of Morman he lived 600 so 7th Century BC so think about it he needs Moses to
be around in the 700s or the 7th Century BC for this to work if Moses is not
around before Lehi mormonism's dead dead in the water gone does not it's
impossible for this random guy in living in Jerusalem to to be one of the few
people who who knows who Moses is you know what I mean so that's that's all
I'm just saying like the guy need he claims to be a descendant of Joseph so just making [__] up like
what's the difference between this and saying I don't know the Torah existed 900 BC why not they're both the same
claim they both have no evidence right just right baseless claims it's all what
it's all it is and you can get away with it right because this is what you do as
a monest religion you have to re-educate people into a history that you've
crafted that's what monism does is it tries to hijack Culture by splitting spitting the
timeline into another you're in another mental world where you think this is your history imagine how many Jewish
people in across the planet imagine how they would have to
come to grips I mean what what would the thinking be what if I just found out I thought my culture was Ancient Ancient
Ancient was the Bedrock and foundation of the 10 commandments and and now I
find out a bunch of Greeks were moving through moving through this part of the Mediterranean and bumped up against the
Phoenicians there right by the way for those of you who like Phan how much literature was left behind not much so
you know what mother Greek killed you too right um but by the way another
another another claim that's made too is they'll they so some of the stuff that they find in these older Babylonian
myths that make their way into the into the Old Testament they use that as
sort of like a a way to like Leverage oh it's really old because it's got these texts but those texts those very same
texts are also cited by Greeks living in the helenistic era so those texts can
that that argument is dead because those texts are still around in the same time
periods that we're talking about so it doesn't you can't that doesn't make it older those texts are older but the
texts are still around in later times and people are still people still don't know how to read and write in cative
form up until this I think 100 AD is when when C form dies finally so people
are people still knew there was one of the scribes of Alexander the Great using K form say today King Alexander has died
we have that so that's another nonsense thing the other one they'll point to is like there's a character this is what
Kip was saying to me and this is a good point Kip made there's a character from The Bible B son of peor the prophet and they found
they actually did find a text inscribed in a wall where this guy's mentioned and it's in a it's in some sort of building
that existed probably in the seventh sixth Century BC something like that
now that's to me is is interesting because okay now we have a prophet who's
mentioned in older text that makes his way into the older into a newer text but that would be like saying Homer should
be dated to 1350 BC because agamemnon's in the story Agamemnon is a Meenan King
who place in history at the time of the Trojan War which is way back in the Bronze Age so characters existing later
in attacks later it's it's it's if there's if there if there was more of that going on I would be more convinced
but just having one guy one or two guys to point to no I can't it's it's just
it's just not enough for me you know I saw I saw that you were looking into the
medical text there and wandering through and I wanted to ask you why is
it that we have medical tax from Egypt we have medical tax from Rome and we
have medical TXS from Greece and Greece has by far the most
right the most advanced stuff right the Sanskrit Sanskrit has some medical text too real real medical why is is it that
we don't have any oskan umbrian or Hebrew medical text very same
reason people think that Hebrew was actually spoken when Jesus Christ was
walking around they were like Shalom Jesus he was like Shalom right no they didn't have Hebrew
they didn't have Aramaic they had Greek and people say oh the the apostles that
wrote the you know the gospels and whatnot that those people were
originally they speak Hebrew they they when they go home from their lunch break right they they speak Hebrew that's a
that's a joke that's a joke those are all native speakers I'm telling you 35
years of reading Greek I'm telling you those are all native speakers your
little theory about there being Hebrew there is a giant joke but it's part it's
not funny because it's meant to alter that historical timeline so that people
in the future will think oh this was the past no it wasn't as Neil showed tonight
the stuff didn't even show up until the second bro right which makes sense do
you understand what the powder the powder that you just uncovered this is
real powder this is the good stuff because Jesus is not that
far then from the very origin of Judaism from the very earliest monest Jewish
cult Jesus is only a Century Century half away that's amazing that's that's
absolutely amazing yeah um some of the Greek texts that I'm reading some of the translations that I'm reading you know
from like from uh lb um uh for example
um what's polius and CST they site Punic texts
that are lost but so the Punic had a writing culture the pho Punic is just
another word for Phoenician it's like Latin word for Phoenician um the Punic the carthaginians and the Phoenicians
they did have a writing culture and they did write like philosophical uh medical and they wrote
agricultural stuff but we'd lost it all the only the only only way we have it is from people like pus and Salis citing it
so they write about people like Mago is one of these one of these um carthaginian writers um there's a couple
other ones and they they they so they did have like somewhat of a of a
literate culture going on in the seafaring Phoenician world but you're
right in Hebrew you it's like a black hole of there's no garans you don't have
you have garans in Latin you have garans in Greek you have garans in in Sanskrit
like there's a they're very literate these are very literate cultures writing about writing writing about letters
writing about writing about writing like but you can't find something like that all we have is biblical
text and then then when you get to density Scrolls that's when you find like oh you know uh laws for the
community that's it you find stuff like that and then and then and then there there's a big black hole and then you go
all the way back to ugarit so in between ugarit and the Old Testament there's like a big black hole where all you get
is inscriptions but you also have
elephantine and Al everybody well you know elephantine it's Aramaic no they're Jews they call themselves judeans they
that fled the Wrath of the Assyrians and so there you do have you we do have some
stuff but all of it points to not knowing who Moses is not knowing who Abraham is and being a part of the
regular Mediterranean world like everyone else I like I like how you said it um
you just brought it all together and said look this is the Mediterranean baby and they're just developing it's not
that there aren't cultural Jews right ethnic Jews but they aren't practicing
Judaism yeah they're not they're not they're not separating themselves off from the rest of the world like like people think they do yeah and that's
that's a beautiful thing to know yeah it is should and I know I know a lot of
people that I interacted with in Israel and by the way your guest I think was involved in the dig at tell megido right
so yes yes that that's really cool that's that's heads up I salute
right ran into in the 90s when were you there yeah 91 I was there in 991
yeah he probably was there I bet he probably didn't remember me because I was just a dirt mover you know what I
mean so but I'll tell him I could tell him he'll remember if if uh um because
of the floor because of the temple floor that our group found he'll remember I'll tell him I was with them um love it love
it I want to ask you though as you peel back as you peel back this layer you're G to be dealing now with Scholars of the
Bible who are going to have that mindset that oh the prophet Isaiah this is Iron Age
this is this time Kingdom of David Kingdom of this and that for which there's nothing right what are you gonna
do um in order to push that knowledge forward like if you're a part of the museum and you're trying to push it
Forward what do you do you just do do you just make documentaries and ex and just kind of try to expose the real
history what do you do that's what I said I got so I'm last time I was on this channel was probably over a month
ago and I said that in the next couple days I was dropping that video and responding to some of the stuff that
happened in the Dan and Danny video and I didn't lie about that that video's been done for over for like weeks and
weeks and weeks but the reason why I haven't dropped it yet is because I wanted to drop this video first because
I use some of the clips for the video do that make sense so you're going to see
when I drop the video on my response to some of the stuff that Dan m was saying on Danny show which I thought was just a
a complete um [__] show be honest like
he's he first of all the Lucian thing was kind of crazy not knowing Lucian it's like that's the main source for
Assyrian for Syrian religion of the and the like um the what is that what do
that text call a Syrian goddess that's that's lucian's work like and that and that's like one of the biggest texts
that people go to for for Arabian and Syrian religion of the lant because
that's like they all we have other than inscriptions and archology so you can't
you can't be an expert in religions and not know Lucian you have to know Lucian that was like whoa and then then he's
being being shown he's being shown um the hararia and any Roman religion
expert knows all about hararia this isn't some like back alley random thing that you find in one text hararia is all
over the place and he when he's being shown the hararia his face he goes like this he does he does that he goes huh
like he's never seen it before and this is like Read Mary Beard's book Roman religion which if by the way how does he
not know this Ro everyone anyone who studies Ro ancient religion you got to know Mary Beard's book at least at least
it's one of those it's one of those introduction books you you you agree with me on that it's one of those introduction books that you have to have
yeah yeah no I used to teach I used to teach the course uh classical religion
and I used her textbook I totally disagree with her on some things but TT
and I agree with you on that but here's the thing though she talks about the hararia and Compares it to Easter just
like we you and I do because it's so it's just like why wouldn't you there's so many
parallels and she stays out of her Lane she doesn't she doesn't study Hebrew Bible in New Testament so she doesn't
make conclusions and says one's copying the other all she's doing is pointing out whoa look at this Hilaria Festival
well they celebrate a a death and resurrection of a god cool that's it she just gives you the facts then you do
what you want with it but but Dan when he's being showed this information he tilts his head and
goes huh that's not right dude how do you not know about the Hilaria and and
to not know about the Hilaria is a big deal because you make it your business
to refute anybody who um tries to argue about you know paganism influencing CHR
Christianity which I which I get that there's a lot of a lot of really bad information online a lot of people who
just are like making [__] up about Horus having 12 disciples and being crucified
that didn't happen in the sources but at the end of the day there are some legitimate parallels and there are
legitimate sources that people do need to know about because it's it's fascinating stuff and he's he's out
there like putting his foot down saying there's nothing here dying and Rising gods don't exist is all made up nonsense
anybody who talks about this is doesn't know and it's like if you don't even know what Harari is then why are you even talking about James Frasier because
that's like half of James Fraser's book Hilaria is all that's like a not half of
his book but that's like 10% of his book has to do with Addis and the Hilaria so
it's like how do you not know if you you don't know Hilaria then why are you even talking about James Frasier because you
obviously never read James Frasier you just now you're just making [__] up at this point so you'll see I got I'm
getting all fired up about it but I I got some stuff to say I got some stuff to say look at how fired up you get
everybody in satanic congregation that's fired up right for those sources because you're just protecting those sources I
totally I love that I love that um I want to ask you one last question that's
pressing um I want to know once you bring this to people their
response is going to be because it's always been um something's wrong with you right the reason I was going to tell
you the reason the people still think the Old Testament or the Torah was
originally written in Hebrew is only because of that first and first BC and
first ad culture that was coming up that was creating that monest propaganda
right if the text is as old as the thir Century it means all
of those claims about the land and about who it belongs to all all of those are
created those are not those are not historical actualities that's the
creation and of the third or second century yeah and you don't even know how
right you are because if you we're looking at this it's just a historical thing Israel
existed at the time of Nebuchadnezzar and we know this because Nebuchadnezzar brags about taking over Israel they get
stomped out they lose their Kingdom and then they're subject to whoever's in power whether it be the Assyrians the
Babylonians the Persians the Greeks the solids the tmes and they're just kind of waiting there it's not until the Hasan
period as we mentioned after the maban Revolt where Israel finally gets their
own State back around 164 DC so it makes sense like you said there's no like they
don't own anything they're just people that live there they don't own anything and then like then they they do end up
getting their state at that time but like literally less than a century later they're being sacked by pompy already
done lose they lose the RO they're are they don't they won't even hold it for a hundred years 63 BCE the meaan Revolt
was in 164 so that's 100 years but but even for so like it's the you're right
the point you're making about who owns what that's such a muddy waters gray area cuz there really is no ownership
over anything it's just people that live there you know what I mean getting they're all getting sacked right by the
big powers in the area right it's all of that movement of of of uh Power harod
the great Herod the Great is making deals with the Romans saying we'll be your client State you know we we'll we
we'll watch your borders for you just make sure you take care of us and send us send us some send us the the needs
that we need like you know send US troops so we need it and that's what happened it's almost like in like America today how we support Israel
that's how the Romans were for Israel for a while yeah until Nero and then Nero changed that and then but then they
went back they went back to to doing what they were doing again back to ENT State and then hadrien had some things
to say but that that that was the end of it after Hadrian they never went back until
1948 so you can count you can literally count less than a I don't I don't even
know I want I'm not going to say it right now but it's not there's they don't have the land for thousands of years that's not a thing right no no no
or and the archaeological the archaeological remains ex uh expose that
right that they don't they would have way more of these settlements that they would find way more of the cities where
we even I was at the what called the Palace of Ahab right and it was like
dude is that all they found right there is there was there no other habitation
here so um a lot that that theological drive to say oh it must be the Palace of
Ahab during the kingdom of so and so is just an attempt to fit on that biblical
narrative now if we push the biblical narrative all the way down to the third and 2nd centuries and we say look this
stuff is coming from Greek it's not that coming from Hebrew they're back translating it into Hebrew to try to
create a tradition for themselves and they're doing it out in the middle of nowhere right why are those people with
the Dead Sea Scrolls the ones that have both the Greek and then the Hebrew back
translation why do they have why are they out in the middle of the desert where are all the libraries in Jerusalem
and people will say well there aren't any how about the libraries how about the libraries in of Asher Bonny people
say oh look we have this great NVA we have this great library of so and so and
they open it you look at the stuff that's in that Neil it's garbage you're
not finding epics and scientific documents and here's the government and
History Section you're not finding that you're finding laundry lists of [__] that late Lugal is a gayy emperor of
everything taken you get mythology you get Kings list you get law codes kind of what you get and
you're right in a lot of a lot of like a lot of ostria which are just like little notes like hey meet me meet me in six
months in this place like why don't you get philosophy why don't you get philosophy out of
it that's that's a good question I think philosophy is a product of Persian
period uh especially in the Middle East I mean obviously there's not I mean on philosophy depending on how we Define it
but like strict philosophical thinking that's a Persian period idea I think I think you I think
your presocratic so predate those Persians give me the name besides Oh no
you're right some of those PR critics were around during the Assyrians when the Assyrians are sacking Judea there's
Greek presocratic writing stuff already at that in the 600 don't
thees um even even even Sappo yeah Sappo is alive before the Persians were in
power Sappo was alive during the neo-babylonian Empire also not getting any lyric right
those Greeks do predate a lot of these big swings in history yeah the the Greeks are making those even the lyric
poetry this is such a good point this is such a good point that you're making because people there's a myth that Greek
influence starts with Alexander the Great before that there's no Greek influence
that's wrong Greek influence starts way before that as we mentioned the Athenian coins the coins of with Zeus on it
Greeks Greeks have a lot of influence and they're very cultural people people like their people like the Minoans and
the means and they're adopting the way they dress and the purple and all that purple die from monans um a lot of the
culture does come from the Greeks even even if it's Myan Greeks monan Greeks or
even even hittite who are um you know very closely related through their
palasan ancestry we'll say right and they're using the same alphabet and the lydians are writing uh and they
basically is very Greek close to Greek lydian I think I think lydian's considered a Greek right no I'm not sure
about that to be honest usually you can you can see ly and Roots very obviously
I don't know to what degree it's the I it's the cousin of the ionian aric up against yeah it's like
it's like lydian and Greek is like Aramaic and Hebrew they're very close they have a lot of the same vocabulary
maybe a little bit different grammar but like you like they they worship the same gods lydians are worshiping Aphrodite
they're worshiping uh Artemis they're worshiping Apollo and Zeus and they're writing in the same like so it's the
same cultural cultural it's same I think the Hittites are like that too well hang
on hang on though let me ask you this question so you do see it on the Greek side you see oh this is a lydian route
but here's the question um how come there aren't any lydian Texs left why don't we have lydian I will I will I up
you on that the lydians invented minted coins they credit the idea of having a
minted coin yeah with a face on it or like that's lydian lydians
have I bet you they use the Greek language to do so I bet did it's the Greek alphabet you find
all you see how the Greek language just absorbed it's such a superior machine
right that people like Marcus aelius were like you know I'm going to use it and when I write philosophical documents
I'm going to use the Greek because it's capable it's capable of doing that it's not a it's not a race thing the funny
thing is this is what this is what really shocks me life is not about your race has nothing to do with your race
it's totally incident it's about your language because history shows that the
more powerful the language the more the spread and with that spread of that language comes more technical knowledge
comes more development right you get philosophy only when you have a language
that can convey the philosophy and uh I love it I I want to
make love to Mother Greek that's what I want look at this real quick I just want to pull this up real quick last thing
because it talks about cus and and there this shows you how close lydians and Greeks are it says um corus's credit is
issuing the first true gold coins with the standard circulation uh blah blah blah blah blah
but look at this he claims descent from the original agbon who conquered Troy so
they're read they know they're like list they're reading Homer all all the way in in Asia Minor like Greek Greek influence
is everywhere you know what I mean yeah and it is a Greek song remember Homer's
a Greek song Right I'd love it man I love it
that's that's absolutely gorgeous um Neil thank you for coming tonight I want
to point out to everybody that Neil's gonna come out with this new interview and uh take a look at it love it when
are you gonna launch that uh well the one that we saw the one that I we showed the preview of today that's out right
now oh it's out right now go watch it people soon as you're done here go watch it
andever whenever you're ready to watch it yeah yeah and let's start it what you're going to do is you're going to start some kind of giant discussion in
the uh in the world of history is what you're going to do and religion people are gonna be they're gonna say something
like your demon possessed I can feel it I can feel them doing it right now that's the kind of stuff they're gonna
you got 15,000 views in the in the first 12 hours so it's doing pretty well what
what are you do doing sluming with with me man what are you do
15,000 get more live VI than I do now you you get thousands of people watching you when you go live so I I'm I'm
nothing compared to you now no no absolutely not we do it why do
we do this that that's the best way to we do it because we love it and we're inspired by The Muse seriously yeah I'm
not I'm not doing this as because I'm trying to grift or make money I'm doing this because it's my passion I love it
because I'm inspired to do it straight up we both we both agree on that part
yeah you can totally see that you can totally see that with you too Neil that you do it there's a Zeal that you're
doing and I thank satanic congregation I think everybody that watches initiating
apocalypse and all the little bits that I do I think those people all appreciate that I don't mean to speak for everybody
but you know what I mean I think they really appreciate that and that's why you do such a great job you're going to
go out some great interviews coming up and stuff like that too so there
too you're documentary that I've been working on for a long time now that's gonna come out after the after the Dan
response video is g to be a video about the about the Dark Ages comparing
comparing the Dark Ages to The Classical period And I I I already recorded most
of it that's that's on its way too make sure and get those really skinny
I found an article from this douchy Bible scholar nerd I don't even know if he has a PHD I don't think he does I
think he has like a master or something I think he like failed out or something but he's one he's one of these like Bible scholar type of people you know
he's he calls himself the history for atheist he has a whole article about how the Dark Ages is such a bad term you
shouldn't use it because it was actually really good Christians were actually really cool right [__] I'm gonna
show with evidence that that's [__] that's that the Dark Ages even though that's a that's a that's a term that's
obviously subjective in itself but if we Define it by literature
which is what pret petrarch and um and uh who are those guys that talked about
the Dark Ages petrarch is the guy he coined the term you know you know the those Renaissance guys who use that term
Dark Ages um they were they were using that term for l literature they weren't
talking about the economy they weren't talking about armies they weren't talking about logistics they're talking about literature text and if you you if
you take the definition the way petrarch you wanted the definition to be used he's absolutely right that it was dark
ages the texts are trash some someone know someone said to me one time they go what about
bolf B wolf that's all you can come up with from from 500 B ad till uh
1300 you got Beowolf you're gonna compare that to Homer are you kidding
me can you tell me one character from bolf I don't know [__] about bolf nobody
does not a household nobody's talking about Bol it's such it's such just you're just
trying to find something what about K Arthur okay fine there's one I don't know I've read I've read
some of that King Arthur stuff in the medieval Latin and it's terrible it's absolutely terrible so no I don't get
that not stack up to Ides and Homer safo and um pend pend P come on we can
go on for days yeah the list goes on there's no there's no comparison you got
not till the Renaissance when people start writing good [__] again you got the L Series for the for you to be able
to peruse through digitally were you surprised at how many Greek authors are in
it oh yeah it's crazy we I mean but you know
what else surprises me is how much we don't have and how much because you you and I both know because we read we both
read a lot of primary sources because we just love to do it they site a lot those Greeks were citing stuff like you don't
get a lot of citations in like the Hebrew Bible no one's citing anything but these Greeks haritas he's mentioning
other historians before him and he's mentioning the names of their books and
other people will even mention those same names and books and you can make a list of hundreds maybe a thousand people
who are cited who we lost oh yeah just in Galen just in Galen
alone because he is always siding older Physicians he and he loves to site
helenistic Physicians and most of them are names that we don't who the hell is that
right and there's dozens upon dozens upon dozens of citations that he makes I
mean it's uncountable so all of that literature that we don't have that survived because some Monk in the Dark
Ages wiped his buttocks with it yeah you know that oh God exactly they stopped
preserving the the good beautiful amazing text yeah of the polytheistic
world that's full of color and three-dimensional and everyone has different ways of looking at the world to this onedimensional
dark cold just no life it's just lack lacking
life that's what it feels like and they're all wri about the same topics oh uh uh Maximus the Confessor wrote
another Treatise on the Trinity oh how God and Father are one and the same and
how dare you question that how dare you your mind and think well how can one person be the same as another
one and that's all you get you get nonstop treatises on the Trinity for 500
years great and Beowolf imagine Neil imagine living in
that Society all you'd have to do is transport yourself back for like two weeks and You' be like no no no I'm not
going to do it I'm not absolutely not going to live in a world where there's a
church or a monest assembly that controls everything around it and yeah
no and people say oh you can't say that about the church yes you actually can historically look what happens and
that's and it all starts with Julian and he's the first one yelling saying you cannot let the monists and I use my word
monists it's not my word but the word word I'm using you cannot let the Christians he says you cannot let them
take over yeah atheist yeah atheist yeah no but he's right he's right though they
are different it's a different type of monism without the gods the presocratic monism still has the gods you still have
Zeus you still have Aphrodite they still they're's just in this universe with
us it's a whole different kind of monism going on yeah something in inherently
bad with um creating a monest funnel cloud that sucks all the
civilization and it to its ruin yeah definitely thank you for coming tonight
um Neil I want to tell my audience before I sign off that I am beginning my
new classes next week Monday Tuesday and Thursday I've had such a demand for uh
applications I've got way more applications that I you know that I can
even think about covering so what I'm going to do is I'm going to keep people
in the loop by Sunday night making a little announcement about what you can
do to go forward with classes um for people who want to learn Greek and
that's f um I appreciate the fact that people are showing that much interest um
this is more demand than a dozen universities get in a year so gorgeous
gorgeous job let's keep rocking it and I'm going to serve to the best of my
capacity to get everybody who wants to trained trained and functional in the
Greek fantastic thank you for coming tonight uh Neil and I'll let you have
the last word Hil Satan hail Satan indeed thanks for
coming trip be seashells by the ton Athena's love
rubber duub dub I'm flipping tables cashing check take it to the bank at the
gates of Babylon The Wolf Man regulates Avalon Avalon lady media lapis lazuli
lines the walls The Muse sings with me extra illumination for the vibration I
have under me the knowledge of our Genesis Crystal Towers The Punisher
Frank Castle Purple Rain for the Muse I sing her favorite song all night long no
stems no seeds that you don't need got a bag of goodies ice creamy
cream Hil Satan close My Eyes Forever coming through In
Waves powerhouse on the Hill House of Frankenstein Darkness through dreams I
Dream of Genie H purple you work you
High purple high purple high
purple you work you high purple high
purple high purple you work you high
purple high purple high purple this you work you high
purple high purple High purple
baby high purple